Dad is
So
In your heart, I am the stone man by the side of the road
Sure. What do you want?
I can satisfy
That's enough!
You make me sick the way you are.
Lin Bei, sorry.
Hateful people like me
I don't deserve it anymore
Anyone's sincerity
Lingling, are you alright?
I just heard the music say
That kid Lin Bei came to harass me again
I'll send someone to teach him a lesson right away
Obviously he is just a child
And I've made it clear to him
He won't come again
OK
By the way, get ready.
I'm taking you to a financial banquet
The road in the water mat circle is good
bastard
Xiaowei, you are back.
I knew you wouldn't throw the numb house
Hurry up and eat
Eat, mom, kiss you